Moving house.
A cup of tea?
Yes dear.
Ah.
Yeah, Stuart.
Here you are.
Yes dear.
Oh.
I'll go and open the door for Boris, Josie.
Why do I have to do it?
Don't argue. Just do it.
Get down Boris.
Here you are Boris.
Have my piece of toast.
Don't feed him at the table, Josie.
There's another competition in the newspaper I can enter Nancy.
What can you win this time?
A ticket for a Marilyn Manson concert.
Do you know who that is?
No, but isn't she a singer? A bit like Nanamoo Scory.
Yes, that's right. Just like her. I hope you win.
Oh, just ignore him mum.
Nancy, it says here that your day is going to be full of fun and laughter.
I don't think so.
Why do you look at the horoscope every day mum?
It's fun. Let me look at Josephine's stars.
Oh yes, here it is.
It says that you're feeling off colour today and it's better to stay indoors.
Yeah, you're right, Grand. I have a stomach ache.
I'm not going to school today.
Stop that Josephine. You are going to school. No arguments.
Oh, why do I have to go to school? I hate it. It's boring.
Because you do.
I hated school too.
The teachers were terrible. They used to cane us with sticks.
Oh, do they cane you, Grand?
Yes, of course. I was cained by the headmaster.
What was his name? Oh yes, Mr. Payne. I put some glue on a seat.
That's not so bad. Why did he cane you?
Because it was the teacher's toilet seat.
Really? Wow.
Don't get ideas, Josephine. Go and get ready for school.
Mom, please.
Do as I tell you now.
Teenagers.
And put that newspaper down, Pete.
Sorry? Is there a problem?
No, no.
I was just trying to get our daughter to go to school.
Thank you for helping me.
It's OK, dear. I'm always happy to help.
Can you pass the toast, please?
Didn't you hear what I said?
Yes, dear, of course, dear. And the tree core, please.
Here it is.
Ow! Why did you do that? Look, it's all over my trousers.
I don't believe it. Get down, Boris.
I'm not playing. To something.
Go to work now, Pete, before I do something else to you.
The next time, it might be a kitchen knife, so be careful in future.
What's the matter? What did I do?
Nothing, Pete. Absolutely nothing. That's the problem.
I'm going. Good-bye.
Why did you marry him, Nancy?
Do you want someone you as well?
I always said he was bone idle.
I liked that lawyer you went out with once. Nice eyes and a lovely smile.
Do you hear what you think, Mum?
Ooh! It's not a good day for Pete.
It says in his horoscope that he gets some bad news this afternoon.
Stop it, Mum. Don't make things worse.
I must tell Pete. He must be careful.
Nancy.
Yes? What do you want now?
I can't find any clean trousers.
They're in the fridge between the cheese and the tomatoes.
Why are they in the fridge?
Where do you think they are? In the bedroom.
Left wardrobe on the right, where they always are.
Thank you, Nancy.
Pete. Yes? What do you want?
Be careful. Today is a bad day for you.
Sorry?
It says in your horoscope that you get some bad news.
Not that rubbish again. I'm not interested.
Wait a minute.
Do you believe all that rubbish in the horoscope?
Sometimes it's true, you know.
Well, you're the same star sign as me, so you be careful.
Ooh dear, I forgot.
Maybe you fall down the stairs.
Maybe Boris bites your leg.
Maybe your hearing aid explodes.
Maybe.
Goodbye.
I'll find it.
They dirty deed.
I told you not to say anything.
Now, where is Josephine? She's going to be late.
Can you go upstairs and tell us a hurry up, please, Mum?
I have to make her sandwiches.
Oh, what a family.
OK, Nancy.
Come on, Boris.
There's a good dog.
You don't want to bite my leg, do you?
Oh, there you are, Josie.
Come on, your mother is waiting.
Josh, close the door, Grand.
Can you keep a secret?
Oh, I love secrets.
Come here.
Look here.
In this box.
Oh, it's Robbie the Rat.
I thought...
Yes, we know.
Dad told me to sell him.
But I want to keep him.
Oh, he's so sweet.
Oh, look at his lovely little eyes and funny nose.
He really looks like your father.
Don't tell Mum or Daddy's here in my room.
Please?
I promise.
It's our secret.
It's nice to put my feet up for a moment.
You work too hard.
Pete and Josephine should do more around the house to help you.
Stop it, Mum.
Can you pass me another biscuit, please?
I just want a few minutes of peace and quiet.
Oh, dear.
I wonder who that is.
Can you answer it, Mum?
All right.
Hello?
Who is it?
Sorry.
Pete.
Speak up.
What does he want?
Sorry?
Yes.
All right.
Bye.
Yes?
He said he's coming home now.
But what did he want?
Something about he forgot the bag.
What are you talking about, Mother?
It was a terrible line.
All I could hear was the sound of cars.
I think he was phoning with his mobile.
His what?
It's, er...
Oh, it doesn't matter.
I want to know why he's coming home.
It's only two o'clock in the afternoon.
I told you today was going to be a bad day.
I can feel it in my bones.
I wonder what happened at work.
It must be serious, don't worry.
He just forgot something, I think.
Yes, you're right.
Okay.
I can't sit around anymore.
I can make Josephine's bed and tidy her room.
Thanks, Mum.
Can you change the sheets, please?
Yes, Nancy.
Now, where are you, you little thing?
Oh, there you are.
Oh, you're so sweet and cute.
Come here.
Oh, it tickles.
Stop it, Boris.
Here, Robbie.
Don't be afraid.
What's that, Mum?
Nothing.
Oh, don't do that.
Come out.
Oh, that tickles.
How are you?
Oh, come out of my jumper.
Oh, no, stop that.
What's happening in here?
Oh, get off, Boris.
Oh, bad.
What's the matter with everyone in this house?
Who are you talking to, Mum?
Oh, that tickles, stop it.
What's happening?
I'm home.
What's the noise?
Oh, hello, Pete.
I'm coming.
Is that your mother?
Yes.
I don't know what she's doing.
Maybe she'll head Sherry on her cornflakes.
She's a Josephine's room, laughing her head off,
and I don't know why.
Boris is sitting looking at her.
She's getting old, Nancy.
Maybe we should start looking for an old fossils home for her.
Oh, don't start that again.
You know I get angry.
Mum is staying with us,
and they are called old people's homes, not old fossils homes.
Well, I think we seriously...
We can talk about this another time.
Why are you home so early?
You've never come home at this time.
Oh, yes.
Look, can we go into the kitchen?
I can't concentrate with a laughing hyena upstairs.
Sit down, dear.
Would you like a cup of tea?
Something stronger might be a better idea.
Why?
What happened this morning?
Tell me, please.
I lost my job.
What?
Yes.
I lost my job.
I am now unemployed.
Six of us from the office got the sack.
We can work until the end of the month,
and then thank you, but goodbye.
But I don't understand.
Oh, that's what you were trying to tell mum on the phone.
She thought you said you forgot the bag.
She's deaf as well as losing her marbles.
Beat.
OK, OK.
Well, as I was saying,
the company needs to save money,
and my department is being closed.
What are we going to do?
I can find another job.
I hope.
I think we must move house, though.
This one is too big and too expensive.
We must save money.
Wait a minute.
I need to think.
Be quiet, mother.
I'm just going to shut my mother up.
What is the matter with you?
Calm down, please.
Stop it.
Calm down and come downstairs.
Peter's lost his job.
Oh, no.
I knew today it was a bad day.
Why are you laughing?
Yes, you are.
No, I'm not.
It's terrible.
Oh, this is impossible.
Stay there.
Here you are, Boris.
There might be the last time you have meat for your dinner.
What are we going to do, Boris?
I wonder what we're going to do.
I'm home.
I'm hungry.
School is bloody boring.
Teachers are so dumb.
I don't know anything.
I'm starving.
I want some crisps.
If you wait five minutes, Josie, you can have something cooked.
I'm making a curry.
No, crisps are great.
I want to find Julia.
She was at school all day today with you.
Can't she wait?
I want to talk to you.
See ya.
But Jo?
It's easier to have a conversation with you, Boris.
Boris?
Come back, Boris.
When is dinner?
In five minutes.
Okay.
I just need to finish some repairs on the car.
That can wait.
There are more important things to talk about.
Like what?
What planet do you live on, Pete?
At the end of the month, you have no job.
Oh, yes.
I forgot.
You forgot?
Don't you think we need to talk about it?
I suppose so.
Where do we move to?
What do we say to Josie and Mum?
I went to the estate agent some way home.
I got some information about a really nice two bedroom flat in Cedar Road near the park.
Why didn't you ask me to come?
I am your wife, you know.
When we sell the house, we can easily buy this flat.
It's got a nice balcony and a small garden.
You know you are always saying that the garden here is too big.
There's too much cleaning and...
Yes, yes, I know.
We can go and look at the flat this evening.
Okay.
Wait a minute.
How many bedrooms did you say the flat has?
Back in a minute.
You've got to do something in the garage.
Did you say two bedrooms?
But...
Where does my mother sleep?
Ooh.
I feel a little strange.
My muscles ache from so much laughing.
Still don't understand why you were laughing.
I think I need a little sherry to calm my nerves.
Back in a minute.
What a house.
It's like a railway station.
I'm so hungry.
I want some biscuits.
Just sit down, Josephine.
You can have some biscuits in a minute.
Pete?
Mom?
Come in the kitchen.
Now!
I said now!
Keep your hair on, Mom.
Chill out.
How can I chill out when your father's lost his job today?
What?
Yes.
You heard me.
We have to move soon.
Find a smaller house.
I want my own room.
Yes, of course.
I'm not sharing with anyone.
Oh, that's better.
A little sherry.
It always helps.
Can you sit down?
Please, Mother.
Perhaps you need a sherry too?
No, I don't.
What's the problem, Nancy?
Can we all sit down together?
Good.
Right.
Listen.
In a few weeks, Pete has no job.
We have to move.
Oh, what a terrible day.
And you bad things were going to happen.
Be quiet, Mother.
Please.
Yes, and I know the perfect place for us.
It's in Cedar Road next to the park.
I'm very close to your school, Josie.
And the city centre.
It's perfect.
My friend, Julia, is just around the corner.
Great.
Cedar Road is near the Bingo Club.
I can walk there.
I don't need to get a taxi.
I don't like taxis.
Tax is always smelly.
Yes.
Okay, Mom.
But the problem is that the flat Pete found has only got.
And Boris can walk in the park.
As I was saying, the flat Pete found for us only five minutes to walk to the shops.
It only has two bedrooms.
Oh, no.
I don't want to go into an old people's home.
They're full of old people.
Don't worry, Mom.
You don't have to go into a home.
There isn't any other alternative.
Yes, there is.
I'm sure we can find another solution.
Sorry, but you're going to have to go into the home.
That's life.
It's all right.
I know you don't want me here.
Last week, John, my friend at Bingo, said I can go and live with him.
He needs someone to help him, as he can't see very well.
He's blind.
Good thing too.
Are you sure you want to do that, Mom?
It's a great idea, Nancy.
Yes, I'm very sure.
You and Josie can visit me any time.
It is nearby.
There we are.
Everyone is happy.
Pass a biscuit, Josie.
Thanks.
Can't sit here doing nothing.
Daddy is horrible to you, Grand.
Why doesn't he like you?
A good question, Josie.
Does he like anyone on the planet?
Only himself.
Wake up, Pete.
What?
Well, not now, Naomi.
Oh, it's you, Nancy.
Yes, it's Nancy.
Your wife, remember?
Yes, of course, Nancy.
Why did you wake me up?
Because...
Who's Naomi?
Who?
What do you mean, who's Naomi?
You said not now, Naomi, when I woke you up.
I'm sure I didn't.
You did it.
Where did you think I was?
I was dreaming of Naomi Campbell.
Are you sure?
If not, we can talk about this later.
Come on, get out of bed.
It's Saturday.
I always get up late.
It's only half past nine.
Don't argue.
Get up.
It's Mum.
What?
Did you pop a clog in the night?
No, I'm pleased to say.
Come on, hurry up.
I'm going downstairs.
They want all of us.
What do you mean?
I suppose I have to get up.
Can you wait until tonight, Naomi?
I'm coming, I'm coming!
Just waiting in the kitchen, Mum.
Josie, Pete's on his way.
This is so exciting.
I think I need to go to the toilet.
Do they want me in the photograph as well?
Yes, the whole family.
And Boris.
And Robbie.
Oh.
Robbie?
Your father told you to sell that rat.
Oh.
Well.
No.
I forgot to tell you, Mum.
I forgot to tell you.
Don't worry.
You know he's very quiet and clean and he can stay in my room.
But I told you to.
But his house trained.
He's so nice.
Yes, I know.
He is quite sweet, but what about your father?
I'm sure you can think of something to say to him.
Please don't tell him.
I have to think of something to say to him.
Children.
What a life.
Okay.
Just keep quiet.
Leave it to me.
Thanks, Mum.
What are the strange people in our living room on a Saturday morning?
You still have your pajamas on?
Yes.
I didn't expect to find my house full of people.
What's happening?
Oh, mega embarrassing.
Why are you wearing those pajamas on?
I don't know.
Why are you wearing those pajamas?
I bought them.
What's wrong with them?
I like Winnie the Pooh.
Ticker is my favourite.
He's always so good.
Can we all stop discussing my pajamas?
There's nothing about tickeries.
Be quiet.
What's the matter with everyone this morning?
Why are they sitting on our lounge?
Because of Mum.
What did she do?
Win the Nobel Prize for physics.
No, Pete.
She's our new special envoy at the United Nations.
Don't we say nasty, Pete?
No.
Mum won a competition at Tesco's.
A year supply of baked beans.
No, something much more exciting.
A lifetime supply.
A toilet paper.
No, Pete.
Mum won a house.
A house?
A what?
For Boris?
No.
You do know what a house is, don't you?
Of course I do, but...
I don't understand.
Mum entered a competition at the supermarket last month.
She had to guess how many jars of Marmite was sold in Britain every week.
The prize for the nearest guess was a new detached house.
She won it.
I won it.
I had no idea what the answer was, so I wrote down the first number that came into my head.
63,360.
I remember it from my primary school days.
Amazing.
Absolutely amazing.
Why 63,360 grand?
It's the number of inches in a mile.
Amazing.
Absolutely amazing.
Your cool grand.
Awesome.
And the people in our lounge?
It's the local photographer from the newspaper and someone from the supermarket.
They want to take our photo and give us the key to the house.
Does this mean we can all live together?
We don't have to move into a flat.
Yes, that's right.
Is that all right with you, Pete?
Yes, I suppose so.
Awesome.
Come on, let's go.
I'm coming.
It is my hair all right, Josie.
We're one big happy family again.
I'm so happy we can go on living with your mother.
We must be very grateful to her.
That's the problem.
It's a lovely house, Pete.
I went to look at it this morning.
It's ready and we can move in when we want.
It's more modern than this house.
The bathroom's a wonderful.
The kitchen is wonderful.
Everything is wonderful.
The garden is wonderful.
Yes, yes, I get the picture.
Can you organise a removal firm?
There are lots of advertisements in the yellow pages.
Leave it to me.
I have a friend at work who knows a firm.
I hope they're good.
Yes, yes.
Don't worry.
You are happy to move into this house with Mum, aren't you, Pete?
Yes, dear.
I mean, we have to move because of your job and this is the best alternative.
I know you're right.
And this house is looking so shabby.
What do you mean?
Let's start.
Just look at this wallpaper here in the dining room.
I like it.
No, you don't.
It's 23 years old.
You just don't like doing DIY.
I don't mind DIY.
When was the last time you did anything in this house?
Um...
Can you see?
I'm right.
No, wait.
I changed the light bulb in the kitchen last month.
Need I say any more?
Anyway, can we stop arguing?
We're not arguing.
Yes, we are.
No, wait.
This is stupid.
I agree.
Come on.
We said we wanted to start for sorting out today.
Okay.
We can start with this cupboard of stuff.
Do you never use any of it?
Look, these for a start.
No.
Don't throw them out.
Why not?
They are old.
We never use them.
They might be useful one day.
What use are six?
Six?
Salt and pepper pot.
Perhaps we have visitors in the new house.
Visitors?
How many are you expecting?
The entire Hampshire cricket team and their wives.
And the crowd.
There's no need to be like that, Pete.
I just don't like to throw things away.
But we said we were going to throw things out.
We have too much stuff and we don't need it all in the new house.
I know.
But it's so difficult.
What have we put in the box for the car boot sale?
Let me look.
A broken egg cup.
Two tea towels from Mallorca.
A frying pan with no handle and...
Aah!
Cuckoo clock with only one hand.
Not very impressive for three hours work, is it?
No, it isn't.
Okay.
We must try to be more ruthless.
What do you mean we?
Yes, I know.
All right, Pete.
Good.
Now what is this?
A back of the cupboard.
Give it to me.
It's still in its original box.
It can't be important, surely.
It's a pasta machine for making fresh pasta.
You don't like pasta, so it can definitely go to the car boot sale.
But wait a minute, Pete.
Now we don't need it.
I just want to look at it for a moment.
Okay now?
Yes.
You're right.
We don't need it.
Into the car boot box.
Might get five pounds for that.
You know it was a wedding present, Pete.
Really?
Another useless present, a complete waste of money.
The things people buy.
Why didn't we write a wedding list for everyone to choose from?
Because you said it's more fun to see what people buy us.
Did I?
I don't remember.
Anyway, into the car boot box.
What a load of rubbish.
You know that it was a present from your parents.
What?
The pasta machine.
Are you sure?
Yes.
Look closely at the side of the box.
You can see they wrote their names.
Let me look.
You're right.
We can't throw this out, can we?
Might be useful one day, Nancy.
But you said...
No, it's from my parents, dear.
Right.
What's next?
What's in these drawers?
Interesting.
I didn't know you were a member of Appa.
Are you talking about...
Oh, this photo.
What are you wearing?
It was fashionable then.
Everyone was wearing those skirts.
What did you do with it?
I would love to see you in it now.
Don't get up stairs.
Let me go and look.
It's okay.
I was only joking.
What do you think, Boris?
Prepare yourself for a shock, Nancy, in a mini skirt.
I must try not to laugh too much.
You keep quiet too, Boris.
Here she comes.
Now remember, Boris, don't start laughing.
Here I am.
What do you think?
I think it shrunk in the wardrobe.
Well?
Well, say something.
It's...
So you think it's funny, do you?
No, it's...
It's...
It's interesting, dear.
Is that all you can say?
No, no, no. It's...
Interesting and...
Very interesting, dear.
I want to keep it on.
It reminds me of Happy Days.
Yes, you do that, dear.
I need to go outside to wash the flowers.
No.
What's the car?
Back in a minute, dear.
We're moving at the weekend, Pete.
Please come and help me.
Where are you?
I'm in the loft.
There are so many boxes here.
What's in them?
Which boxes?
Oh, those are my things.
Don't throw them out.
They're old things for my school days.
I want to look at them.
Oh, do we really have to?
See if you were a good pupil at school.
Okay, here you are.
What's this?
Oh, how sweet.
It's your first writing book from primary school.
It's embarrassing, Nancy.
No, it's sweet.
Look what you wrote.
My name is Peter.
I have a mother.
She cooks.
I have a father.
He sleeps on the sofa.
Yes, he did.
And look here.
There's a picture of you in a swimming costume.
How sexy.
No, I look terrible.
I think that was the first time we went to blackpool.
I was six years old.
What's this?
I don't believe it.
It's my old school uniform.
On an awful colour.
Did I really have to wear that to school?
Oh, dark blue and pink stripes is very fashionable these days.
Please, try it on.
I want to see what it looks like.
No, I'm not.
It's too small.
Oh, please.
Just for me.
Come on.
I can help you.
I don't want to.
Oh, don't be so stupid.
Come on.
No!
Get off, Nancy!
Ah!
Oh!
My leg!
Where am I?
Oh!
Oh, no!
There's a toddler in my room.
He's coming through my ceiling.
No!
Oh!
My leg!
Stop it, you stupid!
Stop it!
It's Pete!
Oh!
Don't worry, he's not dangerous.
Just stupid.
Is that you, Pete?
Yes it is.
Who else do you think it is?
My foot hurts.
Why is your foot through my ceiling?
You know I have a weak heart.
I almost died of fright.
I always put my foot through the ceiling.
It's a hobby of mine.
What?
What did you hit it with?
I thought you were a burglar.
I hit it with a bedside lamp.
I think it's broken.
I don't care about your lamp.
I think my foot is broken.
Help me, Nancy.
Oh!
Be careful!
Don't be stupid.
You can stand up.
Come on.
I can't.
You just want some sympathy.
I can't stand up.
Oh!
Perhaps you can't stand.
Come on, Pete.
Put your arm around my shoulder.
Let me carry you to the bed.
Oh, my God.
Don't be so silly.
Let me look.
Oh.
Oh, it's only sprained.
There are lots of bruises.
That's because your mother hit it with her lamp.
She's very brave.
Brave?
She's dangerous.
Send her away to any war zone.
She could sort it out.
Britain's answer to Mambo.
She is 72 years old.
Hey, Mambo.
How about a week in the Middle East if they need your help?
I think you're suffering from shock.
Oh.
Here's some aspirin.
Try to rest for a few hours.
I can finish looking in the boxes in the attic.
I can help.
Oh, it's okay.
I want to...
Oh.
The
removal van is here.
Okay.
Is everything ready?
Where's Pete?
I'm ready.
Oh, this is so exciting.
Our new house and our new life.
Where's Pete?
Good morning.
Come in.
Thank you.
Come on, Jim.
In we go.
There are only two of you.
Is that enough?
Jim and I always work together.
No problem, madam.
He may be over 65,
but he can carry us over.
No problem.
Where do you want to start?
Maybe a cup of tea before we start.
It's a long day and we're both thirsty.
Er, yes, I suppose that's all right.
Come into the kitchen.
Perhaps you have a packet of biscuits as well.
A bit of toast and marmalade would be very nice.
All right.
Sit down if you can find a chair.
Everything is packed and ready for the move.
We're okay.
Don't worry about us.
Oh, my back.
Bit of a problem with my back, but it's okay.
No problem, no problem.
I'm in the living room if you want me.
Don't worry.
We can start in a few minutes.
Come here, doggy.
Would you like a biscuit?
Where's Pete?
Why didn't you organise a proper removal company?
The two of them are sitting in the kitchen eating breakfast.
I think they were the cheapest.
Why didn't I organise it myself?
I can't get Pete to do anything.
Where is he?
Pete!
Oh, I must go and find him.
You stay here, mother.
Okay, Nancy.
Here I am.
What is happening?
Good morning, sir.
Nice dog.
Hello, Pete.
But why are you all sitting here eating?
Don't feed Boris, please.
I know, George.
Is it my bingo club?
We have a great time together, don't we, George?
We certainly do, dear.
Something happened to your legs, sir.
It doesn't look good.
Don't ask.
But that's not important at the moment.
I paid a lot of money to have you move us to our new house.
I did not pay for you to eat our food.
And stop giving Boris my favourite biscuits.
Don't be so unfriendly.
I am not unfriendly.
I just want these men to start work.
Okay.
We understand.
Come on, Jim.
Oh.
There you are.
What did you say to the removal men?
They look very unhappy.
Typical workers, sitting, drinking tea and eating biscuits.
I just told them to start work.
He was very unfriendly.
They are very nice men.
Why do you always upset people?
And why did you choose that company?
They were the cheapest.
I can see why they were the cheapest.
Both of them look older than my mum.
I'm sure they know what they are doing.
What was that?
I didn't hear anything.
What are you doing now, Pete?
Sitting and having a cup of tea and perhaps a couple of biscuits.
If there are any left.
I don't believe it.
Come on, mum.
Sorry about the words, madam.
My eyesight's not as good as it used to be.
Got a bit of a shock.
Thought I saw a rat.
But I...
Josie, we don't have rats in this house.
Don't worry, a bit of glue is all it needs.
But perhaps you and your mother could help us carry these boxes.
They're a bit too heavy for the two of us.
Yes, I always wanted to pick you up.
You can pick me up any time, love.
Come on, Nancy.
You stand in that corner.
One, two, three, lift!
Why did you choose that removal firm?
Don't keep asking the same question.
I know the answer, because they were the cheapest.
Yes, they were the cheapest.
How many more times do I have to tell you?
But where are they?
Be patient.
How long does it take to drive 15 miles?
Well, well.
Well, yes.
Four hours is quite a long time.
It's getting dark, Pete.
I can see it's getting dark.
And cold.
And I'm hungry.
Yes, yes, and Boris is hungry too, I suppose.
I know, I know.
It's all my fault.
We all make mistakes.
Oh, here it comes.
At night.
Yes, see?
You see everything is OK.
We're here.
I told you, Jim.
Sorry about that.
We got lost.
It's only 15 miles.
Yes, I know.
But I wrote down Mulberry Avenue and Jim wrote down Mulberry Road.
So, so first we went to Mulberry Road.
But why?
This is Mulberry Avenue.
Yes.
I know that now, but I didn't before.
So where is Mulberry Road?
I don't know.
What do you mean?
You don't know.
We didn't find it.
There isn't a Mulberry Road.
It's not on the map.
So why did you look for Mulberry Road?
Because Jim was sure that was where your house was.
But where did you look if it's not on the map?
Well, we...
What happened to the roof of your van?
Oh, yes.
I thought you might ask about that.
When we were looking for Mulberry Road...
Which isn't on the map?
Yes, which isn't on the map.
When we were looking for Mulberry Road,
we didn't see the low bridge.
You hit the bridge.
Yes, we hit the bridge.
But only gently.
Only gently.
Don't worry.
We can repair the van.
I am not interested in your stupid van.
What about our furniture?
It's all a...
Don't worry.
No problem.
It's just...
There may be a few extra pieces of furnace.
What do you mean?
Well, when we hit the bridge...
Gently.
We heard one or two things move in the back of the van.
So it is possible that one or two things are not exactly in the same number of pieces.
I don't believe this is happening.
Don't worry.
A bit of glue is all we need.
So you were telling us that our furniture is in pieces?
No, I'm not saying that.
So what are you saying?
I'm saying that there is a possibility.
Only a possibility that your furniture is in more pieces now than when you bought it.
What?
Now listen.
My family and I are going to leave you two here to move the furniture into the house.
When we come back in three hours, we expect to find everything inside and you two waiting here.
If everything is all right, you can have your money.
Is that clear?
Yes, but no problem.
No problem.
Can you stop saying no problem?
Of course.
No problem.
Come on, Pete.
Get in the car, everyone.
Can you move your van so we can get out, please?
No problem.
What?
Get in the car, Pete.
Oh, what?
They're not backwards yet.
My car.
What's the matter with the door?
Morning.
Don't sit.
My leg.
What happened?
I tried to tell you not to sit on that chair.
Why not?
What?
Why has this chair only got three legs?
I think you know why, Pete.
Another piece of broken furniture.
I told you.
Oh, yes.
Don't.
What is that noise?
It's seven o'clock.
Is someone cutting the grass?
I think it's from next door.
At this time in the morning, I'm going to tell them to stop.
Be nice, dear.
Don't be nasty.
I am very polite.
Leave it to me.
All right, bad max.
Could you stop, please?
It's Terminator, and you'd stop, please.
There's?
What's the problem?
Good morning.
My name's Pete Britton.
We are your new neighbors.
Hello?
Good morning.
Pleasure to meet you.
My name is Derek Lump.
Most people call me Colonel.
This is the wife, Judith.
Say hello.
Hello.
It's very early.
Do you have to cut the grass at this time?
Every morning, 0700 hours, precisely.
A thousand better, 0600 hours.
A wife gets breakfast at 0650 hours.
Don't you wife?
Yes, dear.
This is lost at 0645 hours.
That's right, wife?
Yes, dear.
Cut the grass at 0700 hours to 0730 hours.
Then a long walk until 0900 hours.
Got to keep fit.
Healthy body, healthy mind.
Every day.
Yes?
Why don't you go for a walk first and then cut the grass?
What?
Can't do that.
Who do you think you are?
What I did?
Did you hear him, wife?
Yes, dear.
You can't cut the grass at this time every morning.
This country is falling apart,
typical of the younger generation when I was younger.
You can't cut the grass so early every morning.
Yes, I can.
I can do what I want in my own garden.
No, you can't.
Hello.
My name is Nancy Britton.
I'm Pete's wife.
Oh, madam, charmed, I'm sure.
My name is Derek Lump.
Most people call me Colonel.
This is the wife, Judith.
Say hello.
Hello.
What's a lovely garden you have, Colonel?
You must be very proud of it.
Yes.
We are, aren't we, wife?
Yes, dear.
It's very beautiful.
I love the musical windmill in the middle.
And you have so many garden gnomes.
They're very interesting.
Please do like them.
We think they're very tasteful.
Not everyone appreciates them, though.
There are so many.
Two hundred and seventy-four, to be precise.
Maybe I can give you a guided tour of our garden one day.
That would be lovely.
Thank you, Colonel.
But I just want to say how nice it is to have a wonderful and intelligent lady living next to us.
Isn't it, wife?
Yes, dear.
You kind, Colonel.
Thank you.
Come on, Pete.
We have lots of things to do in the house.
Oh, if you want any help with DIY, I'm your man.
Please, to help.
That's very nice of you to offer.
Thank you.
Come on, Pete.
Bye-bye, Colonel.
Judith.
Goodbye.
Bye-bye.
Why did you say all that?
I was trying to get him to stop lawn mowing.
Thanks for helping.
All you can say is lovely garden.
Lovely garden gnomes.
They're absolutely revolting.
I can't move.
Of course they are revolting.
I was trying to be nice to him.
That's all.
Your technique wasn't having much effect, was it?
I think he was beginning to see my point of view.
No, he wasn't.
You were shouting at each other.
The way to deal with the Colonel is to use charm.
Something you don't have much of, Pete.
I can be charming if I want to be.
You really think so?
Anyway, come on.
Let's do some more unpacking.
I can't find anything I want at the moment.
Why didn't you label the boxes?
I thought that was your job.
No, we agreed.
Where is the kettle?
Does anyone know where the kettle is?
No, I don't.
Where are my CDs and my MP3 player?
I must have them.
I can't live without them.
No idea, Josie.
Your mother was meant to label the boxes.
Don't start that again.
No, I don't know where your CDs and your ND tree player is, Josie.
It's called an MP3 player, Mum.
You're so stupid.
Don't speak to your mother like that.
We can look for it together if you want.
Thanks, Gran.
At least someone cares about me.
This plug is dead.
Nothing works in this house.
The electricity doesn't work properly, and the heating pipes make a very strange noise.
The house is just new.
It just needs a bit of love and affection.
It's a disaster.
But what happens when I switch on the fridge?
The oven comes on.
Yes.
And when I switch on the kitchen light, the oven stops, and the fridge starts.
One or two wires across.
That's all.
It's rather fun, isn't it?
I'm glad you think so.
Try flushing the toilet while we look out into the garden.
Are you serious?
What do you mean?
Just do as I say.
And watch.
Oh, I want to do it.
Oh, look!
Oh, pretty.
The fountain is.
It may be pretty, but it's not very practical.
You need a workman to come and sort out the problems.
On a Sunday.
No chance.
I know.
Our next door neighbour.
We can ask him.
Oh, no.
Nancy.
Please don't ask Lord Kitchener.
Please.
You're offered.
I can phone him.
I even found the telephone directory this morning.
No.
What was his name?
Bump.
Don't.
No.
Lump.
Derek Lump.
That's it.
Here it is.
No.
Four, six, five, nine, nine, two, one.
Give me the phone, Pete.
Please don't, Nancy.
Four, six, five, nine, nine, two, one.
Hello?
What hunglow Chinese takeaway?
What is your order, please?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Wrong number.
Let's try again.
Four, six, five, nine, two, one.
Hello?
What hunglow Chinese takeaway?
What is your order, please?
Oh, no.
Wrong number again.
I'm sorry.
Oh, very strange.
The number is the right one.
The telephone isn't working properly either.
Unbelievable.
Okay.
You're right.
Perhaps it's better to get in a professional firm in the morning.
And I think there are mice in the house.
What?
I hope not.
Look at my cardigan.
Here.
That's a hole, isn't it?
It wasn't there yesterday.
Well, all your clothes have holes in them.
I'm always telling you to buy some new clothes.
Didn't an old lady give you ten pence last week
when you were sitting waiting for the bus?
She thought you were a tramp.
Very funny.
Look here in this cupboard.
And behind your chair, Nancy.
Yes.
They do look like mouse droppings.
They're old and, er, yes, they are very old.
So now you're both experts on mice, are you?
You vacuumed here last night, didn't you, Nancy?
Did I?
I can't remember, Pete.
Maybe I did.
And, erm, maybe I didn't.
I saw you.
Did you?
Then I did.
Maybe it's Boris.
Boris.
It can't be Boris.
What rubbish?
Maybe, erm, maybe it's...
Yes?
Maybe, er...
It's you, Gran.
You're all completely mad.
Tomorrow, I'm going to buy a mouse strap.
You can't do that.
Why not?
Because, er, it might, er...
Hurt him.
It might hurt him.
That is the idea.
It might hurt him a lot.
And how do you already know it's a him?
She does.
She doesn't.
What?
No, you don't.
Yes, I do.
What?
You did sell that horrible rat, didn't you, Josie?
Of course.
I let her party on sale.
I let her party on Saturday.
Just the four of us.
What are you talking about, Nancy?
We're talking about...
It's got fire.
Oh, you're right.
It's November the fifth.
Lovely idea.
I can buy the firework.
Cool.
I want to do the music.
Yes, Josie.
But some nice music.
Cool.
My music is nice.
That's a matter of opinion.
We can make a bonfire.
Burn some of the rubbish in the garden.
I like a good fire.
That's my job.
And I can do the food.
Well, it's a good way to celebrate
the first days in our new home.
I hope everything works out all right.
What do you mean?
What can possibly go wrong?
Come on, everyone.
Let's go outside.
It's dark now.
Bring the sausages and the baked potatoes, Mum.
Oh, it's so exciting.
I'm coming.
Turn on the patio lights, Pete.
I think we can sit outside for a while.
It's not too cold.
Okay.
I'm going to stop the bonfire.
Come and help me, Boris.
Here comes the music.
Oh, that's nice, Josie.
Well done.
Where's the mulled wine, Nancy?
I think I would like a small glass.
Yes.
It's on the table.
But be careful, Mum.
It's very strong.
It's all right, Nancy.
Only one glass.
Mm.
It tastes very nice.
Maybe just another small one.
I don't think it's very alcoholic.
Only one glass, Mum.
Yes, Nancy.
Only one glass.
Did you bring the sausages out, Mum?
Yes, I put them on the table over there.
No.
It's just there over there.
Not there now.
Josie.
No idea.
I'm starving.
Where are they?
Oh, no.
Look.
There's half a sausage under the table.
Boris?
Where's Boris?
He's over there with Dad.
Pete.
Come here.
What's the matter?
Look, the bonfire is burning well.
Boris ate all the sausages.
What can we do?
I don't have anymore.
Bloody hell.
Well, no sausages, what a party.
I know.
Phone the colonel, his wife.
Perhaps they can come over with some sausages.
So I have to.
Perhaps you can volunteer to be the guy for the bonfire.
Just for him, please.
We are trying to be nice to him.
OK, OK.
OK.
Hello.
What hung out to any of you?
What is your order, please?
What?
Oh, no, there's bloody phone.
Still not fixed.
What is your order, please?
What?
No, I don't want the order.
No.
Wait a minute.
Do you have any sausages?
Slausages?
What are sausages?
Don't you know what sausages?
I mean, sausages are.
No, please, Tal.
Well, they are long.
Forget it.
I can't be bothered to explain.
Goodbye.
What about country?
I don't know what sausages are.
Slausages.
Unbelievable.
Oh, I was trying to phone you.
You don't have any sausages.
I mean, sausages with you.
No, I suppose not.
Sorry.
Oh, hello, Colonel.
Nice to see you again.
Come in, please.
Go and look after the fire, Pete.
You're having a bonfire party, I see.
Yes, we are.
The wife and I were a little worried about your bonfire.
Oh?
Yes, it is very close to our fence.
The wife and I were worried that it might catch fire.
Don't worry.
Everything is under control.
Where is your wife?
She's not with you.
No, no, she doesn't like to go out in the dark.
Never know who you might meet.
We need to have a quick glass of mulled wine.
Oh, that's very nice of you.
Very nice.
Ooh, hoo, hoo, hoo.
Aren't nice to see you.
Can't sit here.
The mulled wine is very nice, but it's not too strong.
I mean, so strong.
Nice to see you too.
I feel like Darcy.
Josie, play that I swells.
It was nice that Darcy would be a curdle.
It would be my pleasure.
Come on.
Ooh, this is so exciting.
Hmm, play Darcy well together.
I hope Grandma knows where she's leading him.
What do you mean, Josie?
Nothing.
Oh, no.
Careful, Mum.
Look behind you.
What, as you say, I can't hear you.
I have...
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
Leave it to me, Darcy.
I was in the air for hair.
Help me, help me.
Ooh, I'll tell you how to die.
It's all right.
I'm here.
Ooh, ooh, ooh.
Ooh, thank you.
Ooh, I'm rescued.
Thank you.
All right, Mother.
Yes, Darcy.
Just wet and very cold.
Come on upstairs.
And you, Colonel.
I can get you both some dry clothes.
What happened, Josie?
I didn't know your grandmother liked snorkeling in November.
She had too much mold wine.
Oh, dear.
What a pity.
The Colonel is well.
I hope they don't die of pneumonia.
Be so nasty sometimes, Dad.
It's just my sense of humour.
Come on.
Help me with the fireworks for when the beached whales come
downstairs.
Just a moment, Dad.
Back in a minute.
Just want to get some one thing.
Sorry?
Sometimes I think I'm the only normal person in this family.
Here I am.
Much better music, eh?
You know your mother doesn't like it.
Doesn't matter.
I want to like a firework.
I don't know about that.
Oh, come on, Dad.
Only one.
I want to set off a rocket.
OK, but be careful.
No stress.
Josie, what is looking out of your pocket?
Is that...
It's that rat.
Stop it, Dad.
Come here.
Give it to me.
I told you.
Stop it!
Be careful!
The rocket.
What happened?
Are you both all right?
It's that rat.
It's still alive.
Dad tried to kill Robbie.
I told you to sell that rat.
I hate it.
It's vermin.
I don't want to sell it.
It's a strange smell of burning coming from somewhere.
Are you cooking one of your casseroles, Nancy?
No, I'm not.
Where did the rocket go?
I didn't see it in the sky.
I think it was over the fence.
It's an ex-dars guy.
No one was hurt.
Look!
Oh, no!
My shed!
My shed is on fire!
Help!
Help, come on, help!
What a lovely bump I had, Exner.
That's not a bonfire, Mum.
It's a real fire.
Phone the fire brigade, Pete.
Come on, everyone!
Get a bucket!
Come with me!
OK.
Where's the phone?
It's absolutely typical.
When you want something, you can never find it.
There it is.
Behind you, on the bench.
Ah, yes.
Who put it there?
Nine.
Hello.
What hung out Chinese?
Come on again.
The Chinese take away again.
Yes, what a day.
What a day.
This is a day to remember, I think.
Yes, you're right.
Still, there is one positive result.
Ha-ha.
Please tell me what that is.
I think the days are disaster.
The lawnmower was in the shed.
So, of course you were right.
No more lawnmowering early in the morning.
Just for a few weeks, anyway.